you think selling instruction manuals
separately on ebay or flea markets just
milking the customer and is it worth it
to collect old NES boxes or the people
who are selling them online basically
ripping you off my answer this might be
very different from Pat's but um there's
almost no way to guarantee you're
getting a manual with a game
I mean buying manuals if you want to buy
them a lot of times I think you have to
buy them separately there are people who
can overcharge you on the price but I
don't think that they are intentionally
milking the customer I think they can at
times I think you you actually do see
auctions where they have a rare game
they'll separate out the manual from it
because I do know they'll maximize their
value harpus yes okay yeah well then
that's bullish they have it if they have
a DuckTales to manual in game or they
have a panic restaurant they will
separate it out because they'll get more
money for okay I guess I'm just thinking
like Luna has alphabetized boxes of
manuals and you can you know pick what
you want and we can I don't that's
repaired we don't have those those are
only for pet or you can go to like a
convention and find people who have
boxes manuals I don't think those people
are milking they're helping you complete
your collection
but I guess what Pat says probably has
some validity now most I'd say 90% for
example of NES manuals you can get for
Cup dollars or less I mean I have now
over 500 manuals and I probably do
haven't spent more than 10 bucks at
least
or on most of them I probably spend less
than 5 bucks here's the thing about
manuals
I love them we love them for example
during the marathon because if we want
to figure out how to play a game
they're super handy you because you open
them up literally handy in your hand oh
this is what this means for our con this
wizard does this thing we never would
have gotten as far as we did in a space
shuttle launch yes fuck it is kill can't
let a damn Sal oh yeah but we still we
would never getting close we get blue
and it's different than there's
something feel the manual seeing the
pictures versus going online and looking
at tech centric you yeah or a PDF it no
I love manuals because of that and same
thing with boxes I mean yes they can but
at the same point no this is a different
question that
question is it worth it to collect any
is's overall of course it's not worth to
collect boxes they had nothing to your
game experience manuals add to your
gaming experiences boxes are just a case
that was meant to be thrown out you're
not meant to kept keep boxes of your
games
you weren't no you weren't meant to keep
until this mat mastered some cases you
were Genesis case you were you weren't
meant to keep Nintendo didn't intend you
to keep your box until GameCube if they
intend you to keep your box they
wouldn't give you sleeves your NES games
too bright to put in they would've done
that the n64 boxes are some of the
flimsiest boxes of our held in my hands
I mean they're just ridiculous
no so is it worth it I mean we talk
about the artwork is it cool to have the
black boxes yes they look nice sure
do I need them the grand scheme of
things no no I do not you do not need
the boxes the grand scheme of things I
think that there is you get what I'll
get called out in forces I don't give a
shit I think it's a different type of
collector that only goes for a complete
and box set versus um just the games
themselves that aren't satisfied with it
overall um there's something I guess
it's an extra I don't know it there are
people that have to complete everything
so getting the box but again whatever if
I never see my moral men this box again
that's sitting there I don't care right
I honestly don't